@'WELCOME.TXT
@D        Welcome to Dungeon Plunder!!

Dungeon Plunder is a turn based game for one or two players. It has three variations:
  Surprise - Stumble upon a dungeon with no supplies (no torch), and avoid the ghosts! 
  Explore  - Avoid the ghosts and monsters and return with all the treasures.
  Excavate - Travel deeper and deeper into the dungeon amassing treasure for points.

The goal of Dungeon Plunder is to find treasure and carry it back to the entrance
without running into ghosts or monsters. At full health you can make 8 moves per turn.
Every battle with a ghost or monster reduces your health and the moves you can make on
your turn. After the player's turns the monsters and ghosts get their turns. Monsters
and ghosts get one move per turn but ghosts can move diagonally and go through walls.

Dungeons include:
  Doors     Your dungeon entrance. Return treasures here. Player is safe at their door!
  Walls     A player's turn ends if they run into a wall.
  Treasure  Heavy! Players have fewer moves when carrying treasures.
            All battles with ghosts or monsters are fatal if carrying treasure!
  Ghosts    Guard treasure, awake when you get too close, will pursue you forever if you
            take their treasure, and depart when their treasure is removed.
  Monsters  May guard treasure, awake when you get too close, will pursue unless
            distance too great, will eventually go back to sleep (can't be seen when
            asleep!), and never die.
  Torches   Torches run out of fuel after a number of turns. Pickup a torch to refuel.
            Without light you only find walls by running into them.
  Journals  Left by earlier explorers (deceased) they contain maps of the dungeon. 
  Potions   Healing potions will restore a player's health.

Keyboard, Numchuks and joysticks are supported. The keys used are:
  Player One   Arrows    Movement. (Also numpad or H,K,U,M.)
               P         Pick up (treasure, torch, journal, potion). (Also J.)
               Enter     End turn. (Also Y.)
  Player Two   A,W,D,X   Movement.
               S         Pick up (treasure, torch, journal, potion).
               Q         End turn.
  General      F1        Sound on/off.
               F2        Speech on/off.

@D             Happy Plundering!

Dungeon Plunder and Colour Maximite 2 version by C Squared Software, 2023.

@D      Press Enter to Enter the Dungeon

                               (F1 to Customize Screen.)
